Warby Parker's initial strategy to use eyeglasses as a vehicle for economic development faced challenges in January 2012. 
The first challenge was activating customers around the company's initiatives, specifically addressing the lack of access to prescription eyeglasses in developing countries. 
To overcome this challenge, Warby Parker produced cause-specific glasses for which a portion of the returns was given to nonprofits.

Another challenge facing the Social Innovation division was further rallying employees around its social initiatives. 
Although activities were an ongoing touchstone for current and prospective employees, Warby Parker had not yet explored every opportunity to engage the team in these initiatives.


The company's explosive growth also called for an expansion of its partner base. 
This expansion was necessary to have an impact on a variety of causes and maintain a one-to-one model while helping current partners scale.
 Warby Parker sought to find new partners that would satisfy their standards.


As the company's hiring rate increased, doubling the size of the team by the end of 2012, the founders questioned whether they would be able to find experienced and culturally savvy candidates to fill high-level positions. 
The fact that all other senior-level staff had grown from early positions in the company's most basic roles raised this concern.


Warby Parker recognized the importance of implementing the best possible forecasting systems to maintain appropriate order and inventory levels. 
With only two partner factories located in the same Chinese province, the company realized it needed to strengthen and build redundancies into its supply chain.


As Warby Parker sought to expand the reach of its brand beyond its existing social circles, it questioned which marketing strategies could replicate the successful effect of its approach during the first two years. 
Although word-of-mouth and media attention had gotten the company far during this time, it was convinced that it was time to invest in marketing efforts to expand.

Finally, Warby Parker examined its impact on the eyewear industry. 
The founders hoped that the company would continue to innovate and bring as much fun and inspiration to stakeholders as it had during its first two years of existence. 
Warby Parker hired a company to develop new virtual try-on software but acknowledged that the future was uncertain with any research and development efforts.
